fix: add `readyz` endpoint (#2442)
kubernetes/kube-state-metrics: README.md

#### Healthcheck Endpoints

The following healthcheck endpoints are available (`self` refers to the telemetry port, while `main` refers to the exposition port):

* `/healthz` (exposed on `main`): Returns a 200 status code if the application is running. We recommend to use this for the startup probe.
* `/livez` (exposed on `main`): Returns a 200 status code if the application is not affected by an outage of the Kubernetes API Server. We recommend to using this for the liveness probe.

> * `/readyz` (exposed on `self`): Returns a 200 status code if the application is ready to accept traffic. We recommend using this for the readiness probe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `/readyz` (exposed on `self`): Returns a 200 status code if the application is ready to accept requests and expose metrics. We recommend using this for the readiness probe.
```
